---
name: "AJ Yawn"
github: "ajy0127"
specializations:
  - "Audit & Assurance"
  - "Cloud Security"
  - "Compliance Automation"
  - "Risk Management"
  - "Security Governance"
  - "AI Governance"
title: "GRC Engineering Lead"
company: "NR Labs"
location: "San Juan, Puerto RIco"
linkedin: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/ajyawn/"
blog: "https://www.ajyawn.com"
frameworks:
  - "CCPA"
  - "CSA STAR"
  - "FedRAMP"
  - "HIPAA"
  - "HITRUST"
  - "ISO 27001"
  - "ISO 27017"
  - "ISO 27018"
  - "ISO 42001"
  - "NIST 800-53"
  - "NIST 800-171"
  - "NIST AI RMF"
  - "NIST CSF"
  - "NIST RMF"
  - "SOC 2"
languages:
  - "OPA/Rego"
  - "OSCAL"
  - "Python"
  - "Terraform"
available_for:
  - "mentoring"
  - "speaking"
  - "consulting"
  - "open-source"
  - "collaboration"
---

## About Me

I’ve had an unconventional career path. Former Division 1 athlete at Florida State, Army Captain, cybersecurity entrepreneur, and now, leading the GRC engineering revolution. 

What’s remained constant? A relentless drive to build, innovate, and challenge the status quo. 

After leading cybersecurity compliance for some of the world’s biggest tech companies, I took a leap and launched my own cybersecurity software startup, right in the middle of a global pandemic. We built something special, a culture-first company that prioritized people as much as technology. That experience shaped how I think about leadership, innovation, and the intersection of compliance and automation. 

Now, I’m focused on revolutionizing GRC through engineering and AI. Compliance isn’t just about checking boxes, it’s about efficiency, trust, and making life easier for both auditors and companies. I believe the future of audit isn’t just automation; it’s intelligent systems that empower professionals to focus on what matters most. 

Beyond my day job, I’m passionate about sharing knowledge and mentoring the next generation. As a LinkedIn Learning instructor with over 175,000 learners, I love breaking down complex topics and making them accessible. I also work with the SANS Institute, helping future cybersecurity professionals navigate compliance and the cloud. 

And, of course, I’m doing it all from Puerto Rico. Half-Boricua, fully invested in raising my kids here and contributing to the island’s incredible community of entrepreneurs, investors, and builders. If you’re ever in PR, hit me up. 

When I’m not working, you’ll find me: 
- Training for a Ironman either swimming, running or biking 
- Trying (and often failing) to keep my plants alive 
- Exploring the beaches in Puerto Rico with my dog, Mamba

And if you ever want a laugh, just ask me about my second jump at US Army Airborne School. 

Let’s connect and build something great together.
